how the dance we're planning on doing is
ChaCha
so we're gonna go with that and
hopefully we can pull it off put your
right foot down on the floor up to there
it's been really good he's very patient
and kind because I've already scratched
him in the face so it's going great
today was our first loss and I just
threw a bunch of stuff at her and see
what she could pick up and she hit me a
couple times and scratched me in and he
dropped me yeah and I dropped it so it's
going great I think spiral today so good
now if you afford to walk with you I did
jazz when I was younger ballet I've done
you know a lot of things but I've never
done ballroom dance I've never been with
a partner yes I'm her first partner and
that's like the hardest thing is I think
trusting we're gonna be don't wrecks I'm
not gonna be throwing her up in there
anything like that but there'll be some
tricks we're gonna get her to split down
good there we go keep turning just
really wanted to do something different
to I mean I haven't danced forever so I
was really nervous about that but you
have to put that aside and know that
this event really is for a great cause
so that's what I really wanted to do it
cuz it's important for our community you
have to vote for me because I'd like to
have a good time
Frank is already loving me then we just
met each other today I mean come on it's
good day Wisconsin that I know you watch
every morning so I know you watch me
right
and I just want to make sure everyone's
aware of it the crisis center raising
money and I just like to have a good
time in and make sure people are aware
of what's out there for them and and
you'll be surprised to see us doing our
thing come June first
so vote bottle on me yeah him just us
vote